Hey guys welcome back to the course.
OK.
So in this lecture what we're going to do is we're going to take the framework that we talked about
in The Last Lecture.
Remember the five US strategy scope's structures skeleton surface and we're going to take a theoretical
idea or use that theoretical idea.
I'm going to show you how you could on a scratch pad on a Microsoft Word.
Fill that out for yourself.
I'm going to show you the usefulness of putting this on paper and using that as a way to visualize organize
the entirety of your idea.
So keep it completely simple.
Honestly I'm one of those people that likes to go light on documentation and go heavy on actually doing
it.
And I know that is sometimes a problem and some people disagree with it.
That's personally the strategy that I've seen work the best in terms of turnaround time and R-N.Y why
you put into it and what you get out of it.
So all you need to do is pull open a Microsoft Word Microsoft Word honestly you could do this in Notepad.
You could do this an ever know anything you have you could do this on a piece of paper if you want to.
Honestly I just like to type it because it's a lot easier.
But this is the way that I've structured it out our idea.
Yoga's you don't need to put that but you can put at the top what it is that you're talking about.
That's helpful because if you're doing multiple ideas you can keep track of them.
But then I just wrote out each individual section right over here and it's pretty simple so just to
go over these one more time to make you make sure you really understand this strategy is the high level
discussion about what is the hypothesis that we're testing what is it that we're trying to plan out
to do.
You know who's going to use it roughly what are the goals that we would try to complete by making an
application or making a web site and then scope is where we then go and list out all of the things that
we think that our idea or application needs.
Now you don't need to get every single thing on there but this is the exercise where you just kind of
think of everything you could possibly put into it and then try to shave back to the point where you
find a feature set that you're happy with.
Now structure and skeleton are a little bit confusing.
Those two are similar in that they deal with the wire framing structures a little bit lighter.
You're not doing a huge deep dive what you're doing and structure is more or less figuring out roughly
where things go.
And you know roughly like over here I think this should be the area where you log in and this should
be the area where you see the photo album and or maybe over here is where you input your information.
Here's what the form should be things like that that structure.
That's where we focus primarily on things like information architecture.
Number that term we went over and the previous lecture and it's really very loose.
Now when you get to a skeleton that is where we get a little bit deeper and we start placing tax we
start placing image holders start placing buttons and that's where your wireframe goes from a really
rough sketch to something that looks more like a polished low fidelity wireframe now surface is something
that we don't again cover in this course but what surface ends up being is that you take what you created
and skeleton and you get it professionally designed.
Now you don't have to do it professionally designed.
I'm in the middle of creating a course where I can teach you as an entrepreneur product manager.
Anybody who doesn't actually have design skills how to do good enough design and how to essentially
skip the cost of this section in the time of this section and have a little bit more ownership over
your design.
But at the moment what you're gonna have to end up doing is follow that lecture later in the course
where I talk about what are your options.
And then after this and I'll just put in Princie so you can understand this.
This is when we then go back and we prototype.
So after we have the design the wireframe we know the interaction what it's going to look like what
you know when I click on something where does it go.
We're going to take all that information and create a final prototype.
Now that's the last section of the lecture.
Sorry.
That's the last section of the course.
Right now we're just going to strategy.
I'm going to show you how to do strategy in the next lecture.
We're going to go now.
Don't take me word for word.
I'm just going to show you an example of how you would do this.
Now if you guys are coming from my idea of validation of course or my the non-technical entrepreneurs
guide to launching products then you are familiar with the example that I've been using.
Now if you haven't the example that I've been using is a happy hour mobile application.
Now the reason why I do this is because it's a simple idea.
Everyone you know roughly knows what it's like to go to a bar or drink beer or use a mobile application
to do such a thing.
That's why I'm using it.
Super simple is it a good idea.
No but it's it's I'm using it to really just show you what the process is to go through this.
Now later in the course when we do low fidelity wireframe ing We are going to refer back to this idea
just a little bit but we're going to spend more time actually on building Web sites you're familiar
with.
Just to show you how to get good at wire framing how to get skills at putting together pages quickly
and then in the prototyping section I'm going to use some of the design assets my firm has and we're
going to build the prototype of an internal application that we actually made.
So we're going to switch it up a little bit to try to you know focus this general kind of information.
We're not going to keep the same idea as we go through it.
But at the end of the course you can see what roughly it will look like when we prototype a real idea.
OK so in the document let's focus on strategy.
Now remember this is called It's a mobile app for finding happy hours.
If you're not familiar or happy hour is a drink and food special that restaurants and bars will often
offer.
They offer it during off times and they usually end up calling this happy hour.
That's how they get customers in the door before the dinner rush and the after after dinner rush for
alcohol.
That's an interesting strategy with a typically do as a poll people and give them discounted prices
because they know that they'll get drunk or they know that they'll buy other things and that's what
they end up making their money.
And they know that the crowd will stay longer.
OK.
So this is the idea the tagline that we came up with was
happy hours on your phone.
Now there was something similar to that and you get the gist of it.
OK so the strategy here is again going to be very very simple.
I'm going to say that the strategy is
I guess I will say like it's mobile application now that is not mobile web.
It's a native application.
Native application means that if you use a android or use an iPhone it's an app that you actually download
the app store and Google Play you open it up and you actually use it.
Now a mobile web is when you go to a Web site and it loads for your browser.
OK so that's the basic description High-Level.
And then what I can say is people want to find happy hours but it's difficult to use Yelp.
The options available are limited.
The mobile solution the better.
OK what else.
I also put.
So that's the high level that's kind of like the hypothesis.
You know a hypothesis would be a little bit more well-rounded than that I would say something like I
believe that.
I'd say people are most likely willing to use a mobile application to find happy hours as long as it's
easy and it doesn't cost them money.
That would be like a hypothesis.
This works just as well.
Remember guys this is just for referencing seeing Remember guys this is just for referencing later.
This is for our purposes so what I'll say is so I'll list out roughly what I think the users are users
will say 20 to 30 you're all going out in groups
that you're say couples going on dates after work groups looking for host day chatter or.
So those are roughly what I think my users are going to be.
That's obviously going to change once you go and actually validate the idea once you can actually get
out in the wild.
Testing with your prototype or even your wireframe you'll start to figure out your user base is very
rarely what you actually think it is.
My goals midlist out as I'd say the goal here is to be able to find a happy hour in close proximity
let's say within five minutes of opening the app.
So that's a goal.
Another goal might be let's say be able to quickly tell the prices of all of the happy hours.
OK so that's another goal you can do these pretty much to your face turns blue.
So if I had script strategy and just went straight into Scopus straight into structure I totally would
forget about everything that I'm trying to accommodate in my designs.
It's really helpful to get everything down because then when you get stuck and trust me you will get
stuck because you're not an expert at making wire frames or prototypes.
You'll go back and look at this and go OK I have I've left out the ability to tell all the prices of
the happy hours.
What's another goal we could put in let's say see Israel representation of the happy hours on a map
near me OK.
One other thing I'll put is be able to see deals for tomorrow as well.
Got it.
OK.
So there you go.
That is literally all you need.
You can put more information on here.
Remember it's just to make it easier as you go through the process.
Keep it high level Keep it general keep it even vague.
Just keep in mind this is not going to be exact what you come up with like in your user base and your
goals could be totally wrong you could change it later.
Does it matter.
The point is to get this documented saved and then onto the next step which is scope.
All right so in the next lecture.